{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 PlayfairDisplay-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Light;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12200\viewh15400\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Salemoche CV\
\

\b Project
\b0 \
\
\ul English\
\
\ulnone Interactive CV\
\
In order to illustrate my personal and professional life and boost my career I created an interactive CV. Highlighting my personality and character traits in an illustrational manner, this cite combines low poly illustration, parallax scrolling and animation in an online Curriculum Vitae. \
\
\ul Deutsch\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Schwiizerd\'fctsch\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Francais\ulnone  \
\
\

\b Angebot\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd5\expndtw25
Angebot
\f2 \kerning1\expnd5\expndtw25
\
kostenlose beratung\
wegleitung zur website\
Design\
Front-end Programmierung\
Back-end Programmierung\
CMS\
Hosting\
Hosting inkl. Speicher + Mail-Adressen 8.90\
- Wartung\
Sicherheitsupdates f\'fcr Ihr System / Wartung\
CHF 19.90 / Monat\
\
Pricing\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b0 \ul English\
\ulnone \
Let\'92s work together\
\
Websites have made presenting your company \
\
Presenting your company, your shop or your work to the outside world has never been easier than today. Through a website you are able to show your business worldwide. \
In our digital age, not having a website is not an option and it is easy to use Wordpress, Wix or Squarespace to get a simple site running.\
In order to transfer your brand identity, however, it is essential to have your individual, personalized website.\
IMYW can help\
request a free consulting\
and see how you can show personality through a website\
\
Choose your package:\
\
Package 1:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You don\'92t have a large budget but want to show personality through a website. \
\
CMS - Content Management System\
Individual design\
Responsive for different devices\
Personal \
\
Package 2:\
You want a website that clearly differentiates itself from all the others. Custom designs, animations and responsive on whatever device? You have an idea but no clue how to get it on web?\
\
CMS - Content Management System\
Personalized design\
Responsive for different devices\
Free Support\
\
\
Package 3:\
You want a top notch site with custom animations, personal images and illustrations? You want 3D and Virtual Reality? You want a web application, progressive web app or mobile application? You have heard about that other new technology and want that on your site?\
I\'92m interested, Let\'92s talk about it.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Service Package\
Hosting from 8.90/Month\
Maintenance from 19.90/Month\
Domain from 9.90/Year\
Get your Website\
In 5 Steps to your site\
\
1. First Consulting\
Your first consulting can be in person, via Okomo, telephone or email. We will talk about your business and your expectations and see how we can get on the same page\
\
\
2. Design and Interactive Prototype\
We will design and prototype the first version of your website for you to inspect and try out\
\
\
3. Second Consulting\
Once you\'92ve reviewed the project we will meet again to discuss your inputs. What do you like? What should be different?\
\
4. Final Design and Programming\
As soon as we\'92ve come to an agreement we will go back into our laboratory and program your website.\
\
5. Final Review and Going Live\
The last step is going live and instructing you on how to maintain the website.\
\ul \
\
\
}